Update hand-in guide (#50)
HackYourFuture/JavaScript: hand-in-assignments-guide.md

5. Create the commit (`git commit`). Make the commit message meaningful, for example `Finished project for assignment week 3`.
6. Push the branch to your forked repository.
7. On the GitHub page of your forked repository, click on the `create pull request` button. Make sure the `base repository` is the `Assignment-cohortXX` repository, on branch `main`.
8. Give the pull request a title in the same format as you used for the branch, e.g: `YOUR_NAME-w3-JavaScript`.
9. Submit the pull request from your forked repository branch into the `main` branch of the destination repository.

If you have any questions or if something is not entirely clear ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯, please ask/comment on Slack!

**Notes:**

<small>
[1] If you are in an AZC you may need to use HTTPS instead as the AZC may have blocked the network protocol used by SSH.<br>
[2] This first week for which you need to submit an assignment is week 2 of the JavaScript module.

</small>

# Assignments Review Process

## Before you start

1. You get assigned a mentor at the start of the module in the slack group chat. (S)He is responsible for reviewing your work for the duration of the module.

> 2. Please don't hesitate to contact Joséphine or the cohort supervisor if you are facing any issues. We are here to help you out!

Reviewer: I think removing individual names is a good practice:

```suggestion
2. Please don't hesitate to contact your mentor or the education director if you are facing any issues. We are here to help you out!
```
